Deprecated map(by:), compactMap(by:), filter(by:) (#862)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

  - Refactored `init(light:dark:)` to remove deployment target version restrictions. [#844](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/844) by [VincentSit](https://github.com/vincentsit).

### Deprecated
- **Sequence**:

>   - Marked `map(by:)`, `compactMap(by:)`, `filter(by:)` as deprecated because of KeyPaths as functions in Swift 5.2. [#862](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/862) by [Roman Podymov](https://github.com/RomanPodymov).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Marked `map(by:)`, `compactMap(by:)`, `filter(by:)` as deprecated in favor use of Key Path expressions as functions feature in Swift 5.2. [#862](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/862) by [Roman Podymov](https://github.com/RomanPodymov).
```
